README.md, before:

# awesome-open-source
A curated list of awesome open-source repositories of big companies.

##GitHub
[hubot](https://github.com/github/hubot) - A customizable, kegerator-powered life embetterment robot.

##LinkedIn
[DataBus](https://github.com/linkedin/databus) - [Open sourcing Databus: LinkedIn's low latency change data capture system](http://engineering.linkedin.com/data-replication/open-sourcing-databus-linkedins-low-latency-change-data-capture-system)

[White Elephant](https://github.com/linkedin/white-elephant) - Hadoop log aggregator and dashboard

[pinot](https://github.com/linkedin/pinot) - Pinot is a realtime distributed OLAP datastore, which is used at LinkedIn to deliver scalable real time analytics with low latency. It can ingest data from offline data sources (such as Hadoop and flat files) as well as online sources (such as Kafka). Pinot is designed to scale horizontally.

##Twitter
[bootstrap](https://github.com/twitter/bootstrap) - Sleek, intuitive, and powerful front-end framework for faster and easier web development.

[typeahead.js](https://github.com/twitter/typeahead.js) - typeahead.js is a fast and fully-featured autocomplete library

[bower](https://github.com/twitter/bower) - A package manager for the web

##Google

[protobuf](https://github.com/google/protobuf) - Protocol buffers are a language-neutral, platform-neutral extensible mechanism for serializing structured data

[lmctfy](https://github.com/google/lmctfy) - lmctfy is the open source version of Google’s container stack, which provides Linux application containers.

##Facebook

[react](https://github.com/facebook/react) - A declarative, efficient, and flexible JavaScript library for building user interfaces

[react-native](https://github.com/facebook/react-native) - React Native enables you to build world-class application experiences on native platforms using a consistent developer experience based on JavaScript and React

[tornado](https://github.com/facebook/tornado) - Tornado is an open source version of the scalable, non-blocking web server and tools that power FriendFeed.

[Phabricator](https://github.com/facebook/phabricator) - Phabricator is a suite of web applications that help software companies communicate about software effectively(code review). It was created at Facebook. Phabricator is also used at many other companies such as Airtime, Asana, Dropbox, deviantART, MemSQL, Path, Quora, and more.

[hhvm](https://github.com/facebook/hhvm) - Virtual Machine, Runtime, and JIT for PHP. Homepage: http://hhvm.com

[presto](https://github.com/facebook/presto) - Distributed SQL query engine for big data

[rocksdb](https://github.com/facebook/rocksdb) - Embedded key-value store for fast storage

[The HipHop Virtual Machine](https://www.facebook.com/note.php?note_id=10150415177928920)

[folly](https://github.com/facebook/folly) - Folly is an open-source C++ library developed and used at Facebook

[infer](https://github.com/facebook/infer) - Infer is a static analysis tool for Java, Objective-C and C, written in OCaml

##OpenStack

[Nova](https://github.com/openstack/nova) - OpenStack Compute (Nova)

[Swift](https://github.com/openstack/swift) - OpenStack Object Storage (Swift)

[Glance](https://github.com/openstack/glance) - The Glance project provides services for discovering, registering, and retrieving virtual machine images. Glance has a RESTful API that allows querying of VM image metadata as well as retrieval of the actual image.

##Douban

[dpark](https://github.com/douban/dpark) - Python clone of Spark, a MapReduce alike framework in Python

[beansdb](https://github.com/douban/beansdb) - Yet anonther distributed key-value storage system from Douban Inc.

##Alibaba

[tengine](https://github.com/alibaba/tengine) - A distribution of Nginx with some advanced features

##Spotify
[luigi](https://github.com/spotify/luigi) - Luigi is a Python module that helps you build complex pipelines of batch jobs. It handles dependency resolution, workflow management, visualization etc. It also comes with Hadoop support built in.

##Yelp
[mrjob](https://github.com/Yelp/mrjob) - Run MapReduce jobs on Hadoop or Amazon Web Services

[Testify](https://github.com/Yelp/Testify) - A more pythonic testing framework.

##NetEase
[pomelo](https://github.com/NetEase/pomelo) - A fast, scalable,distributed game server framework for node.js

##Path
[FastImageCache](https://github.com/path/FastImageCache) - iOS library for quickly displaying images while scrolling

##Etsy
[skyline](https://github.com/etsy/skyline) - Skyline is a real-time anomaly detection system, built to enable passive monitoring of hundreds of thousands of metrics, without the need to configure a model/thresholds for each one, as you might do with Nagios.

[statsd](https://github.com/etsy/statsd) - Simple daemon for easy stats aggregation

##Airbnb
[AirFlow](https://github.com/airbnb/airflow) - AirFlow is a system to programmatically author, schedule and monitor data pipelines

[Aerosolve](https://github.com/airbnb/aerosolve) - A machine learning library designed from the ground up to be human friendly

[Airpal](https://github.com/airbnb/airpal) - Airpal is a web-based, query execution tool which leverages Facebook's PrestoDB to make authoring queries and retrieving results simple for users

Commit message:

Add Google Cloud Platform's Kubernetes

README.md, after:

# awesome-open-source
A curated list of awesome open-source repositories of big companies.

##GitHub
[hubot](https://github.com/github/hubot) - A customizable, kegerator-powered life embetterment robot.

##LinkedIn
[DataBus](https://github.com/linkedin/databus) - [Open sourcing Databus: LinkedIn's low latency change data capture system](http://engineering.linkedin.com/data-replication/open-sourcing-databus-linkedins-low-latency-change-data-capture-system)

[White Elephant](https://github.com/linkedin/white-elephant) - Hadoop log aggregator and dashboard

[pinot](https://github.com/linkedin/pinot) - Pinot is a realtime distributed OLAP datastore, which is used at LinkedIn to deliver scalable real time analytics with low latency. It can ingest data from offline data sources (such as Hadoop and flat files) as well as online sources (such as Kafka). Pinot is designed to scale horizontally.

##Twitter
[bootstrap](https://github.com/twitter/bootstrap) - Sleek, intuitive, and powerful front-end framework for faster and easier web development.

[typeahead.js](https://github.com/twitter/typeahead.js) - typeahead.js is a fast and fully-featured autocomplete library

[bower](https://github.com/twitter/bower) - A package manager for the web

##Google

[protobuf](https://github.com/google/protobuf) - Protocol buffers are a language-neutral, platform-neutral extensible mechanism for serializing structured data

[lmctfy](https://github.com/google/lmctfy) - lmctfy is the open source version of Google’s container stack, which provides Linux application containers.

[kubernetes](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/kubernetes) - Kubernetes is an open source system for managing containerized applications across multiple hosts, providing basic mechanisms for deployment, maintenance, and scaling of applications.

##Facebook

[react](https://github.com/facebook/react) - A declarative, efficient, and flexible JavaScript library for building user interfaces

[react-native](https://github.com/facebook/react-native) - React Native enables you to build world-class application experiences on native platforms using a consistent developer experience based on JavaScript and React

[tornado](https://github.com/facebook/tornado) - Tornado is an open source version of the scalable, non-blocking web server and tools that power FriendFeed.

[Phabricator](https://github.com/facebook/phabricator) - Phabricator is a suite of web applications that help software companies communicate about software effectively(code review). It was created at Facebook. Phabricator is also used at many other companies such as Airtime, Asana, Dropbox, deviantART, MemSQL, Path, Quora, and more.

[hhvm](https://github.com/facebook/hhvm) - Virtual Machine, Runtime, and JIT for PHP. Homepage: http://hhvm.com

[presto](https://github.com/facebook/presto) - Distributed SQL query engine for big data

[rocksdb](https://github.com/facebook/rocksdb) - Embedded key-value store for fast storage

[The HipHop Virtual Machine](https://www.facebook.com/note.php?note_id=10150415177928920)

[folly](https://github.com/facebook/folly) - Folly is an open-source C++ library developed and used at Facebook

[infer](https://github.com/facebook/infer) - Infer is a static analysis tool for Java, Objective-C and C, written in OCaml

##OpenStack

[Nova](https://github.com/openstack/nova) - OpenStack Compute (Nova)

[Swift](https://github.com/openstack/swift) - OpenStack Object Storage (Swift)

[Glance](https://github.com/openstack/glance) - The Glance project provides services for discovering, registering, and retrieving virtual machine images. Glance has a RESTful API that allows querying of VM image metadata as well as retrieval of the actual image.

##Douban

[dpark](https://github.com/douban/dpark) - Python clone of Spark, a MapReduce alike framework in Python

[beansdb](https://github.com/douban/beansdb) - Yet anonther distributed key-value storage system from Douban Inc.

##Alibaba

[tengine](https://github.com/alibaba/tengine) - A distribution of Nginx with some advanced features

##Spotify
[luigi](https://github.com/spotify/luigi) - Luigi is a Python module that helps you build complex pipelines of batch jobs. It handles dependency resolution, workflow management, visualization etc. It also comes with Hadoop support built in.

##Yelp
[mrjob](https://github.com/Yelp/mrjob) - Run MapReduce jobs on Hadoop or Amazon Web Services

[Testify](https://github.com/Yelp/Testify) - A more pythonic testing framework.

##NetEase
[pomelo](https://github.com/NetEase/pomelo) - A fast, scalable,distributed game server framework for node.js

##Path
[FastImageCache](https://github.com/path/FastImageCache) - iOS library for quickly displaying images while scrolling

##Etsy
[skyline](https://github.com/etsy/skyline) - Skyline is a real-time anomaly detection system, built to enable passive monitoring of hundreds of thousands of metrics, without the need to configure a model/thresholds for each one, as you might do with Nagios.

[statsd](https://github.com/etsy/statsd) - Simple daemon for easy stats aggregation

##Airbnb
[AirFlow](https://github.com/airbnb/airflow) - AirFlow is a system to programmatically author, schedule and monitor data pipelines

[Aerosolve](https://github.com/airbnb/aerosolve) - A machine learning library designed from the ground up to be human friendly

[Airpal](https://github.com/airbnb/airpal) - Airpal is a web-based, query execution tool which leverages Facebook's PrestoDB to make authoring queries and retrieving results simple for users
